The story of the old man
Once upon a time, there was a good old man and a bad old man.
The old man had a dog and he was very cute.
One day, the dog was in the field and he said,
Here, dig, dog, dig, dog.
The old man dug the ground and found a lot of money and treasures.
The old man heard that and came to hunt the dog.
The old man made the dog cry and dug the ground.
Only dirty mud came out.
The old man was angry and killed the dog.
The old man was sad and bit the dog.
He planted a small pine tree on it.
The pine tree grew bigger and bigger.
The old man cut the tree and cut the grass.
The old man was happy and asked the old man to help him.
The old man broke open the post because he was angry.
The old man came up to the fire and felt the fire with his Parliamentanitch held梨.
The landed and tore the false receives from the mission to the mountains.
The old man heard this and gathered the ashes.
He climbed up the cliff and waited for the lord to return.
Then the lord came to him and said,
Let me bloom flowers again.
No matter how many times he rolled the ashes, the flowers didn't bloom.
The lord and his friends' eyes, mouth and ears were covered with ashes.
This is fake. It's disgusting.
The old man was finally tied up.